hey guys what's up it's a mild to verse
7 is brown and today I'm just going to
give you a quick review on this case i
bought from my ipod touch 2g first I
would apologize for the for the lack of
videos I've been putting out I went on
vacation like for a few weeks and it
came back like last week and for the
past week I just been lazy and haven't
made any videos so soon all the videos
that I've been hoping we'll get out to
you guys soon alright so let's begin
today I went to my local Walmart and
bought this case-mate case for twenty
bucks oh yeah first of all this is not
like a promotional video or anything
they're not paying me to do this I just
want to do this for fun alright so this
is the packaging it came in barely-there
for ipod touch slim profile case let's
put them back I kind of like tore into
this oh that's why it's like this
alright so this is the case mate as you
can see right there case-mate firm fit
design covers back and corners of device
and screen protection kit included
that's how I was good alright so let's
just look at what came in the box this
with all the screen protection and all
that stuff on the case let's just open
this first and what's inside here this
is the third time i'm making this video
so sorry I here is the microfiber cloth
always good it should I see you right
here says case me right there kiss me
here's just uh I know what is this
cardboard thin cardboard it just has a
logo in it CM case-mate and some upside
down
and some instructions on how to apply
the screen protector protector here's
just another logo cardboard I guess I
don't know and here is a screen
protector always good open this and here
it is let's put that aside and let's get
to the case this case was once again 20
others from walmart and i'll put the
link to the website of case-mate in the
right as you can see says case-mate so
this is a case by case for the ipod
touch 2g it's red I know it looks like
maroon or something but it's like dark
red the inside it it's like a rough
feeling but if i smoothed out so it's
like a smooth rough and as you can see
there's two long ridges right here and
the back is like a like the color is
like a mat feet bled like a matte color
ma TT and yeah it's like a smooth
feeling but now it's like a hard smooth
yeah so on the left yeah left-hand side
it's for the rocker and this at the top
right hand side the bottom right now for
my ipod touch as you can see i have a
case on it and it's a Griffin case this
is a really good case i'll put the link
to the website in the right hand side
let me just take this off and just to
prove it it is ipod a ugly hammer a 16
gig ipod alright so let's put this on i
guess all you have to do is just snap it
into place so let's do that alright so
it's been stabbed in the place
it feels it feels good but I don't know
I'm gonna have to try it out see how it
is so let's just look it covers the back
on the left hand side the rockers it
like right here maybe you can see that
it like hovers right on to the rocker
area so it's like kind of kind of hard
to reach them and push the button but
here's the top it doesn't cover the top
at all and here's the right hand side it
covers the right-hand side here's the
bottom it doesn't cover the bottom I'll
and this like silver lining on the
outside of the ipod you can see that is
there it doesn't cover it at all
personally right now I don't like this
case because not that much protection
not as much as the Griffin case that has
been using as you can see it covers the
whole thing but so far this case is it
feels pretty good and it's from
case-mate so yeah let's try to take this
out yeah it's pretty good after the
screen protector I already have a screen
protector on here as you guys might be
able to see see if there's one air
bubble right there that's the only one
that I've had and I use this screen
character anti-glare I really don't care
on how it looks I just don't want
scratches and glare on it because I hate
when that happens yeah all right so I
guess that was it I'll try this case for
a few days and just in my next video
I'll even use this case and tell you how
it's going alright guys thanks for
watching and don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and just watch out
for my next videos hey guys thanks